README.md, before:

# Maslo Companion Server  
version: 1.03  
authors: Russell Foltz-Smith @un1crom, Mark Ziler  
  
## Overview
Maslo Companion Server is a self contained signal processing and machine learning server deployable to major cloud providers and private data centers or to your local computer. With Companion Server, developers are able to pass unstructured signals for the computer to observe. The server then returns insights about human interactions that can be incorporated into enhanced products. *Note: Original server was using lower level code with WolframEngine, python, tensorflow but it has been simplified and smallified for maintenance and portability reasons.*

The companion server can easily be attached to other systems by way to passing in images or text to it.  In response the companion server supplies back out a set of JSON. 

## Use Cases
* Observing and understanding context in data
* Tagging large corpus of content
* Reorgnizating photos 
* Analyzing company data
* Making social media image filters
* Learning and more... there are so many possibilities

## Getting Started

### Containers and Installations

Simple info on packaging up docker and node.  https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/nodejs-docker-webapp/

#### Important notes
Some of the node_modules have bugs for tensorflow running local models etc. One issue in Deeplab here: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs/issues/3723

**It is important to bring these EXACT node modules contained in this image until that bug is fixed.** Additionally, if you want a full blackbox experience with no outside internet access you must load all models from LOCAL FILE storage or a LOCAL/Internal URL. The code shows a couple of ways to do this.  It's not that fun to track it all down.

#### Getting a Docker Container

Basic image build of app/models:

    docker build -t un1crom/maslocompanionserver

Tag build for dockerhub push:

    docker tag un1crom/maslocompanionserver:latest un1crom/maslocompanionserver:1.0.3

Push to docker hub

    docker push un1crom/maslocompanionserver:1.0.3

Run from dockerhub

    docker run un1crom/maslocompanionserver:1.0.3

    though you probably want to use a port

    docker run -p 41960:8080 un1crom/maslocompanionserver:1.0.3

Pull from docker

    docker pull un1crom/maslocompanionserver:1.0.3

To stop and start docker images, see docker documentation for "run" and "start" and "rm" etc.

##### To test your new Maslo Companion Server you can start it here

REMEMBER THAT THE PORT 8080 will be forwarded from docker port!

    ````bash
    curl --location --request POST 'localhost:49160/analyzeMedia' \
    --form 'media=@/home/bigdatakane/Pictures/GPT3asHyperObject.png' \
    --form 'type=image/jpeg' \
    --form 'originMediaID=sdfsadfasdf' \
    --form 'modelsToCall={"imageMeta": 1,"imageSceneOut": 1,"imageObjects": 1,"imageTox": 1,"imagePose": 1,"faces": 1,"photoManipulation": 1}'
    ````

#### Private Clouds/Data Centers

##### Kubernetes

For kubernets orchestration... standard approaches should work. This is a simple, stateless nodejs/expressjs container.

YAMLs for the kube/minikube spin up for testing:

Deployment

    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    metadata:
    name: maslocompanionserver
    spec:
    replicas: 1
    selector:
        matchLabels:
        app: maslocompanionserver
    template:
        metadata:
        labels:
            app: maslocompanionserver
        spec:
        containers:
            - name: app
            image: un1crom/maslocompanionserver:1.0.3
            ports:
                - containerPort: 8080
            imagePullPolicy: Always
        imagePullSecrets:
            - name: regcred

Service

    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Service
    metadata:
        name: maslocompanionserver
    spec:
        type: NodePort
        selector:
            app: maslocompanionserver
        ports:
        -   protocol: TCP
            port: 3000
            targetPort: 8080
            
            ### dockerizing nodejs apps


* Kubernets for the uninitiated
https://learnk8s.io/nodejs-kubernetes-guide

* Kubernets, nodejs, docker on Oracle Cloud
https://medium.com/faun/how-to-deploy-a-express-node-js-app-on-kubernetes-and-an-intro-to-containerisation-205b5c647426

* Automated builds to docker
https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/builds/

* Make private repositories available to kubernets
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod

#### Public Clouds
* Kubernetes on google cloud
https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/cloud-running-a-nodejs-container/index.html?index=..%2F..index

## API
Head to the docs folder or https://heymaslo.github.io/companionserver/#/ for full documentation on the APIs.

## NodeJS, ExpressJS, and Tensorflow
The package.json has all the details on what's in play. *Please note there are sometimes bugs in NPM modules.*

## What Are The Algos?
Machine Learning models of various kinds.  All implemented in nodejs/javascript.

### Very Important Note About Machine Learning and Bias and Training Data and Assumptions
ALL DATA IS BIASED.  Biased by the era in which it was produced, biased by the systems used to produce it, limited by the measurement technology involved.  More problematically ALL DATA IS BIASED by our mostly arbitrary ways of reducing and categorizing the world.  All data is built upon assumptions about how the world could possible be categorized, divided, generalized or specified.  While this can be useful and sometimes move us towards understanding and scientific fact, that is very rare.

Developers rarely write anything from scratch so they carry on the bias from the past where they don't have time or attention to change it.  It is no different with this server and its originating code, datasets and models. It is a server and it takes on the capabilities of the context it is put to use in. The machine learning models included in this server are public and built from reasearch/public datasets. All of it is inspectable and changeable. And you should inspect it and change it.

Transparency and engagment is the only possible ethical stance for machine learning and big data systems.

### The Libraries and Algos

Mostly Tensflow
* Most obvious publicly available models for Tensorflow can be found here: https://tfhub.dev/
* Image Scene: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/mobilenet
* Object Detection: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/coco-ssd
* Body Landmarks: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/body-pix
* Body Post: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/posenet
* Text Toxicity: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/toxicity
* Readability Scores: https://www.npmjs.com/package/readability-scores
* Face Detection: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/blazeface
* Image Segmentation: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/deeplab
* Faceland Mark Detection: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/facemesh
* Hand pose: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/handpose
* Emotions and More: https://justadudewhohacks.github.io/face-api.js/docs/index.html#getting-started-nodejs
* Face Data: http://shuoyang1213.me/WIDERFACE/
* body part segmentation: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/pull/63
* MediaPipe: https://github.com/google/mediapipe/tree/master/mediapipe/models
* NSFW https://github.com/infinitered/nsfwjs#node-js-app
* Gemder Model: https://github.com/bharathvaj1995/gender-detection-tensorflowjs

Some AutoML models loaded into tensorflow
* https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/gcp/how-to-classify-images-with-tensorflow-using-google-cloud-machine-learning-and-cloud-dataflow
* https://cloud.google.com/vision/automl/docs/edge-quickstart
* https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs/tree/master/tfjs-automl
* https://cloud.google.com/vision/automl/docs/tensorflow-js-tutorial
* https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/automl-vision-edge-loading-and-running-a-tensorflow-js-model-part-2-9b4d62a7d5cc

Onxy
* https://github.com/Microsoft/onnxjs

Wolfram and MXnet:
* https://www.oreilly.com/content/apache-mxnet-in-the-wolfram-language/

### Models and Datasets in addition to the Libraries and Algos
ROS and Image Segmentation
* https://github.com/ethz-asl/deeplab_ros

Candid Photos
* https://grail.cs.washington.edu/projects/candid_video_portraits/paper.pdf
* https://grail.cs.washington.edu/projects/candid_video_portraits/

Photo Manipulation Data
* https://www5.cs.fau.de/research/data/image-manipulation/
* https://data.mendeley.com/datasets/dk84bmnyw9/2
* http://www.eurecom.fr/en/publication/5973/download/sec-publi-5973.pdf

Era of Photo
* https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-56608-5_57
* https://www.radar-service.eu/radar/en/dataset/tJzxrsYUkvPklBOw#
* http://people.ee.ethz.ch/~ihnatova/
* https://lesc.dinfo.unifi.it/en/datasets

Images
* http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/rbf/CVonline/Imagedbase.htm

Cities
* https://gombru.github.io/2018/08/01/InstaCities1M/

Images with Questions
* https://visualqa.org/

Full licensed dataset
* https://www.radar-service.eu/radar-backend/archives/toiMGdrQfZcWpnjy/versions/1/content
*[1] Eric Müller, Matthias Springstein, and Ralph Ewerth: 
"When Was This Picture Taken?" - Image Date Estimation in the Wild. 
In: Advances in Information Retrieval: Proceedings of 39th European Conference on Information Retrieval (ECIR), 
Aberdeen (UK), Lecture Notes on Computer Science (LNCS), Vol. 10193, Springer, pp. 619-625, 2017.*

Gender Coded Word Lists
* https://github.com/pcbouman-eur/gender-decoder-js

Recognition:
* https://github.com/justadudewhohacks/opencv4nodejs#examples

Facial Expression Data: R Vemulapalli, A Agarwala, “A Compact Embedding for Facial Expression Similarity”, CoRR, abs/1811.11283, 2018.
* https://lionbridge.ai/datasets/5-million-faces-top-15-free-image-datasets-for-facial-recognition/

Some very fun shadow detection/time of day stuff:
* https://research.cs.cornell.edu/shadows/files/wehrwein_3dv15_shadows.pdf
* https://github.com/ivclab/Day_Night_dataset_list

Algos for Image Lines:
* https://towardsdatascience.com/lines-detection-with-hough-transform-84020b3b1549

Intents
* https://github.com/snipsco/nlu-benchmark/tree/master/2017-06-custom-intent-engines

Tinder Data:
* https://techcrunch.com/2017/04/28/someone-scraped-40000-tinder-selfies-to-make-a-facial-dataset-for-ai-experiments/

Get More Data:
* https://storage.googleapis.com/openimages/web/visualizer/index.html?set=train&type=detection&c=%2Fm%2F01d380

These demos are always useful to understand some of the models:
* https://nanonets.com/blog/object-detection-tensorflow-js/

### Maslo Trained Models

Maslo.ai trained some models directly for use in javascript

* ferFace - a very basic model for classifying faces, using many of the available Fer datasets floating around: https://github.com/microsoft/FERPlus etc
* photoManipulation - a very basic image classification dataset to classify photos manipulated by instagram, snapchat, photoshop etc.
* Era of Photos - a large dataset of predicting what year/decade an image was created (using the qualities of the image without metadata)
* Day or Night - simple classification of images from night or day.  could definitely ramp that up

#### Libraries & things worth worth knowing about
note:  To speed things up dramatically, install our node backend, which binds to TensorFlow C++, by running npm i @tensorflow/tfjs-node, or npm i @tensorflow/tfjs-node-gpu if you have CUDA. Then call require('@tensorflow/tfjs-node'); (-gpu suffix for CUDA) at the start of your program. Visit https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-node for more details.

* https://meowni.ca/posts/on-tfjs-datasync/

* https://github.com/inspirit/jsfeat

* https://www.aber.ac.uk/~dcswww/Dept/Teaching/CourseNotes/current/CS34110/hough.html

Mildly interesting data
* https://towardsdatascience.com/my-friends-gave-me-their-tinder-data-7fcd2621c140

Interesting image javascript
* https://29a.ch/libs

## Coming soon
A lot.  Generative things.  Hyperobject things.

### Audio
We will be adding audio processing to this.  It requires a slightly different approach to some of these algo approaches due to strange world of audio codecs and issues of speech to text, etc.  All very solvable and we have solved them in different ways but not without more horsepower than a little old nodejs server.

### Video
Video is just Lots of Pictures (moving pictures aka "frames") and Audio.

### Biomarkers and IoT
Generally pretty easy.

### Story telling and Generative Art
We are already connecting this server up to Story Writing APIs, chatbots and more.

Commit message:

Added more information regarding the docker run command, and fixed some doc design parts.

README.md, after:

# Maslo Companion Server  
version: 1.03  
authors: Russell Foltz-Smith @un1crom, Mark Ziler  
  
## Overview
Maslo Companion Server is a self contained signal processing and machine learning server deployable to major cloud providers and private data centers or to your local computer. With Companion Server, developers are able to pass unstructured signals for the computer to observe. The server then returns insights about human interactions that can be incorporated into enhanced products. *Note: Original server was using lower level code with WolframEngine, python, tensorflow but it has been simplified and smallified for maintenance and portability reasons.*

The companion server can easily be attached to other systems by way to passing in images or text to it.  In response the companion server supplies back out a set of JSON. 

## Use Cases
* Observing and understanding context in data
* Tagging large corpus of content
* Reorgnizating photos 
* Analyzing company data
* Making social media image filters
* Learning and more... there are so many possibilities

## Getting Started

### Containers and Installations

Simple info on packaging up docker and node.  https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/nodejs-docker-webapp/

#### Important notes
Some of the node_modules have bugs for tensorflow running local models etc. One issue in Deeplab here: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs/issues/3723

**It is important to bring these EXACT node modules contained in this image until that bug is fixed.** Additionally, if you want a full blackbox experience with no outside internet access you must load all models from LOCAL FILE storage or a LOCAL/Internal URL. The code shows a couple of ways to do this.  It's not that fun to track it all down.

#### Getting a Docker Container

Basic image build of app/models:

    docker build -t un1crom/maslocompanionserver

Tag build for dockerhub push:

    docker tag un1crom/maslocompanionserver:latest un1crom/maslocompanionserver:1.0.3

Push to docker hub

    docker push un1crom/maslocompanionserver:1.0.3

Run from dockerhub

    docker run un1crom/maslocompanionserver:1.0.3

to binds port `8080` of the container to TCP port `41960` or to any other port of the host machine just run the command bellow. Make sure the desirable port is available.

    docker run -p 41960:8080 un1crom/maslocompanionserver:1.0.3

Pull from docker

    docker pull un1crom/maslocompanionserver:1.0.3

To stop and start docker images, see docker documentation for "run" and "start" and "rm" etc.

##### To test your new Maslo Companion Server you can start it here

REMEMBER THAT THE PORT 8080 will be forwarded from docker port!

   
    curl --location --request POST 'localhost:49160/analyzeMedia' \
    --form 'media=/path/to/your/file.jpeg' \
    --form 'type=image/jpeg' \
    --form 'originMediaID=sdfsadfasdf' \
    --form 'modelsToCall={"imageMeta": 1,"imageSceneOut": 1,"imageObjects": 1,"imageTox": 1,"imagePose": 1,"faces": 1,"photoManipulation": 1}'
   

#### Private Clouds/Data Centers

##### Kubernetes

For kubernets orchestration... standard approaches should work. This is a simple, stateless nodejs/expressjs container.

YAMLs for the kube/minikube spin up for testing:

Deployment

    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    metadata:
    name: maslocompanionserver
    spec:
    replicas: 1
    selector:
        matchLabels:
        app: maslocompanionserver
    template:
        metadata:
        labels:
            app: maslocompanionserver
        spec:
        containers:
            - name: app
            image: un1crom/maslocompanionserver:1.0.3
            ports:
                - containerPort: 8080
            imagePullPolicy: Always
        imagePullSecrets:
            - name: regcred

Service

    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Service
    metadata:
        name: maslocompanionserver
    spec:
        type: NodePort
        selector:
            app: maslocompanionserver
        ports:
        -   protocol: TCP
            port: 3000
            targetPort: 8080
            
            ### dockerizing nodejs apps


* Kubernets for the uninitiated
https://learnk8s.io/nodejs-kubernetes-guide

* Kubernets, nodejs, docker on Oracle Cloud
https://medium.com/faun/how-to-deploy-a-express-node-js-app-on-kubernetes-and-an-intro-to-containerisation-205b5c647426

* Automated builds to docker
https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/builds/

* Make private repositories available to kubernets
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod

#### Public Clouds
* Kubernetes on google cloud
https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/cloud-running-a-nodejs-container/index.html?index=..%2F..index

## API
Head to the docs folder or https://heymaslo.github.io/companionserver/#/ for full documentation on the APIs.

## NodeJS, ExpressJS, and Tensorflow
The package.json has all the details on what's in play. *Please note there are sometimes bugs in NPM modules.*

## What Are The Algos?
Machine Learning models of various kinds.  All implemented in nodejs/javascript.

### Very Important Note About Machine Learning and Bias and Training Data and Assumptions
ALL DATA IS BIASED.  Biased by the era in which it was produced, biased by the systems used to produce it, limited by the measurement technology involved.  More problematically ALL DATA IS BIASED by our mostly arbitrary ways of reducing and categorizing the world.  All data is built upon assumptions about how the world could possible be categorized, divided, generalized or specified.  While this can be useful and sometimes move us towards understanding and scientific fact, that is very rare.

Developers rarely write anything from scratch so they carry on the bias from the past where they don't have time or attention to change it.  It is no different with this server and its originating code, datasets and models. It is a server and it takes on the capabilities of the context it is put to use in. The machine learning models included in this server are public and built from reasearch/public datasets. All of it is inspectable and changeable. And you should inspect it and change it.

Transparency and engagment is the only possible ethical stance for machine learning and big data systems.

### The Libraries and Algos

Mostly Tensflow
* Most obvious publicly available models for Tensorflow can be found here: https://tfhub.dev/
* Image Scene: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/mobilenet
* Object Detection: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/coco-ssd
* Body Landmarks: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/body-pix
* Body Post: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/posenet
* Text Toxicity: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/toxicity
* Readability Scores: https://www.npmjs.com/package/readability-scores
* Face Detection: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/blazeface
* Image Segmentation: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/deeplab
* Faceland Mark Detection: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/facemesh
* Hand pose: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/tree/master/handpose
* Emotions and More: https://justadudewhohacks.github.io/face-api.js/docs/index.html#getting-started-nodejs
* Face Data: http://shuoyang1213.me/WIDERFACE/
* body part segmentation: https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-models/pull/63
* MediaPipe: https://github.com/google/mediapipe/tree/master/mediapipe/models
* NSFW https://github.com/infinitered/nsfwjs#node-js-app
* Gemder Model: https://github.com/bharathvaj1995/gender-detection-tensorflowjs

Some AutoML models loaded into tensorflow
* https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/gcp/how-to-classify-images-with-tensorflow-using-google-cloud-machine-learning-and-cloud-dataflow
* https://cloud.google.com/vision/automl/docs/edge-quickstart
* https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs/tree/master/tfjs-automl
* https://cloud.google.com/vision/automl/docs/tensorflow-js-tutorial
* https://heartbeat.fritz.ai/automl-vision-edge-loading-and-running-a-tensorflow-js-model-part-2-9b4d62a7d5cc

Onxy
* https://github.com/Microsoft/onnxjs

Wolfram and MXnet:
* https://www.oreilly.com/content/apache-mxnet-in-the-wolfram-language/

### Models and Datasets in addition to the Libraries and Algos
ROS and Image Segmentation
* https://github.com/ethz-asl/deeplab_ros

Candid Photos
* https://grail.cs.washington.edu/projects/candid_video_portraits/paper.pdf
* https://grail.cs.washington.edu/projects/candid_video_portraits/

Photo Manipulation Data
* https://www5.cs.fau.de/research/data/image-manipulation/
* https://data.mendeley.com/datasets/dk84bmnyw9/2
* http://www.eurecom.fr/en/publication/5973/download/sec-publi-5973.pdf

Era of Photo
* https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-56608-5_57
* https://www.radar-service.eu/radar/en/dataset/tJzxrsYUkvPklBOw#
* http://people.ee.ethz.ch/~ihnatova/
* https://lesc.dinfo.unifi.it/en/datasets

Images
* http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/rbf/CVonline/Imagedbase.htm

Cities
* https://gombru.github.io/2018/08/01/InstaCities1M/

Images with Questions
* https://visualqa.org/

Full licensed dataset
* https://www.radar-service.eu/radar-backend/archives/toiMGdrQfZcWpnjy/versions/1/content
*[1] Eric Müller, Matthias Springstein, and Ralph Ewerth: 
"When Was This Picture Taken?" - Image Date Estimation in the Wild. 
In: Advances in Information Retrieval: Proceedings of 39th European Conference on Information Retrieval (ECIR), 
Aberdeen (UK), Lecture Notes on Computer Science (LNCS), Vol. 10193, Springer, pp. 619-625, 2017.*

Gender Coded Word Lists
* https://github.com/pcbouman-eur/gender-decoder-js

Recognition:
* https://github.com/justadudewhohacks/opencv4nodejs#examples

Facial Expression Data: R Vemulapalli, A Agarwala, “A Compact Embedding for Facial Expression Similarity”, CoRR, abs/1811.11283, 2018.
* https://lionbridge.ai/datasets/5-million-faces-top-15-free-image-datasets-for-facial-recognition/

Some very fun shadow detection/time of day stuff:
* https://research.cs.cornell.edu/shadows/files/wehrwein_3dv15_shadows.pdf
* https://github.com/ivclab/Day_Night_dataset_list

Algos for Image Lines:
* https://towardsdatascience.com/lines-detection-with-hough-transform-84020b3b1549

Intents
* https://github.com/snipsco/nlu-benchmark/tree/master/2017-06-custom-intent-engines

Tinder Data:
* https://techcrunch.com/2017/04/28/someone-scraped-40000-tinder-selfies-to-make-a-facial-dataset-for-ai-experiments/

Get More Data:
* https://storage.googleapis.com/openimages/web/visualizer/index.html?set=train&type=detection&c=%2Fm%2F01d380

These demos are always useful to understand some of the models:
* https://nanonets.com/blog/object-detection-tensorflow-js/

### Maslo Trained Models

Maslo.ai trained some models directly for use in javascript

* ferFace - a very basic model for classifying faces, using many of the available Fer datasets floating around: https://github.com/microsoft/FERPlus etc
* photoManipulation - a very basic image classification dataset to classify photos manipulated by instagram, snapchat, photoshop etc.
* Era of Photos - a large dataset of predicting what year/decade an image was created (using the qualities of the image without metadata)
* Day or Night - simple classification of images from night or day.  could definitely ramp that up

#### Libraries & things worth worth knowing about
note:  To speed things up dramatically, install our node backend, which binds to TensorFlow C++, by running npm i @tensorflow/tfjs-node, or npm i @tensorflow/tfjs-node-gpu if you have CUDA. Then call require('@tensorflow/tfjs-node'); (-gpu suffix for CUDA) at the start of your program. Visit https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs-node for more details.

* https://meowni.ca/posts/on-tfjs-datasync/

* https://github.com/inspirit/jsfeat

* https://www.aber.ac.uk/~dcswww/Dept/Teaching/CourseNotes/current/CS34110/hough.html

Mildly interesting data
* https://towardsdatascience.com/my-friends-gave-me-their-tinder-data-7fcd2621c140

Interesting image javascript
* https://29a.ch/libs

## Coming soon
A lot.  Generative things.  Hyperobject things.

### Audio
We will be adding audio processing to this.  It requires a slightly different approach to some of these algo approaches due to strange world of audio codecs and issues of speech to text, etc.  All very solvable and we have solved them in different ways but not without more horsepower than a little old nodejs server.

### Video
Video is just Lots of Pictures (moving pictures aka "frames") and Audio.

### Biomarkers and IoT
Generally pretty easy.

### Story telling and Generative Art
We are already connecting this server up to Story Writing APIs, chatbots and more.
